"Story":
	You play as Merkules.  He was adventuring in the high seas when out of seemingly nowhere, 
	his ship is destroyed.  Fortunately, he meets Megami the mergirl who gives him both spears
	for the sharks and the ability to breath underwater.  Upon reaching the beach, he finds 
	the dying Sir Imerton, a dragoon who was on a quest to save the last dragoon soul from the
	keep of Lord Raucent, a legendary dragoon himself.  Sir Imerton was shanked by the thief 
	Ryse in his quest for shinies kept at the keep.  With his dying breath, Sir Imerton gives 
	Merkules the axe of Anthon the Great, who was thought to have died in the galkan resistance, 
	and tasks him with protecting the dragoon soul. In the next level, Merkules must contend
	with the clones of Ryse, left behind to cover his tracks.  Upon reaching the castle, Merkules
	finds the dragoon soul and is granted the ability to fly.  The Archmage Sonderon greets him
	and grants him the ability to use a fireball because "it only seems fitting for a dragon".
	In the third stage, Merkules must contend with the bard, Fara, who has been tasked with
	protecting the castle from intruders. 
	
	Upon death, Merkules can offer up a ginger cookie to Terabera, a healer who then revives him.
	
	"Easter egg": while making game a funny glitch happened with the movement of "decoration fishie",
		which was maintained in both the splash screen (fish flipping across the screen) and in level 1
		there is a fish which falls down a set of tiles (all other fish swim back and forth). This fish
		is named Sir Fishington IV.
		Also, shooting the other fish in level1 will cause them to spin and no longer move in their default path.
			This is not a bug, it was left as is because I found it amusing and thought others would too.
		As well, the fish can die but they have 9999 health and player can only cause 3 damage/hit. So, have fun.
	
Description:
	DevMode:
		Pressing X at the start screen loads a developer's overworld which grants access to dev levels of levels1-3 (which return to this dev overworld, otherwise same as main game),
			a demo level which show all the animations and weapons except swimming, a rope demo level, and access to the main game's level1
			DevLevel1 = Under Fishie
			DevLevel2 = Under Tree
			DevLevel3 = Under Winged Castle
			DevLevelDemo = Under Tree+Winged Castle
				This level adds Fara enemies to level2 and allows player to fly and gives access to all weapons
				As well there is an additional level exit at the bottom at the far right of the screen where the normal exit is.
					This was added in case the rope glitched out. To reach this level exit, fall down where the rope is and hit the wall on the far right.
			RopeDemoLevel = only start without anything nearby
			MainGameLevel1 = Beside Megami the Mergirl
			
		Note: to quickly see all of the player animations/weapons, visit DevLevel1 for swimming and	DevLevelDemo for everything else.
		Beyond this point, the rest of this report is focused on the "NormalMode"/main game sequence.
		
	NormalMode:
		Pressing Space at the start screen loads the main game level

	General:
		Controls: listed specifically for each level below but in general:
			Tab: Cycle through available weapons
				press, not hold
			C: fire/use current weapon
				press, not hold
			Spacebar: jump (while jumping: transition to flying (level3 only))
				press, not hold
			Shift: run/fly faster (hold to transition from walking to running)
				hold, not press
			Arrow keys: move player up/down and left/right
				hold, not press: if not held, player will come to a stop if not falling
	
		Player has 3 lives (can die 4 times before game over), represented as "ginger cookies"
		Player has 70 hit points (when hit at 0 player dies and loses a life)
			HP is represented as a single ginger cookie, player consumes one part to restore health
			when hit and so icon loses a chunk when hit (hence why a life uses one cookie upon respawn:
			player has eaten all of the current cookie)
		Current weapon, hp, and number of lives are displayed in the upper left corner of the screen
		Score is based upon number of kills and number of deaths.
			Each kill (regardless of enemy type or method) adds 100 points to score
			Each player death subtracts 50 points from score
		Players and enemies all animated using sprite sheets (except the splash screens)
		Box2D is used for movement (adding forces/impulses for weapons/player/enemies), collision detection, and the rope.
		All levels have a camera which follows the player
		
		Note for Level2/DevLevel2/DevLevelDemo: the rope I got working by setting the player's .isSensor to true (allowing him to pass through colliders)
			This means that the player can potentially go through the ceiling and out beyond the level.  If this happens, the top right of the game (near the rope)
			has tiles which will allow the player to pass down into the main game again.
			As well, if the player get stuck on the rope and does not swing off (swinging off is triggered by a trigger near the rope), jumping should fix the issue.
		Weapons: 
			Spears/Axe/Fireball can damage everything.
				Note in Level1, shooting the fish will cause them to spin and no longer move in their original paths. This is intentional and kept in for humor.
				The fish can die but they have a ton of health so it'll take a while.
				All cause 3 points of damage to enemies/fishies
			Talons can only damage Fara/Bards in (Dev)Level3 and DevLevelDemo
				The reasoning is she dies because she lost her hat (source of her power, etc, ask Captain Jack Sparrow).
				Since the ninjas do not have hats, the talons are not able to damage them.
				Instantly kills Fara.
		Enemies: all moves cause 10 points of damage to player
			Shark: damages player by running into him 
			Ninja: damages player using throwing daggers
			Fara/Bard: damages player using throwing daggers and by running into him
		"NPCs" in the overworld were originally intended to have dialogue but this was cut due to time constraints.
		Note: There is no "you won" screen, the game is over only when the page is refreshed or all lives are lost.
			When all lives are lost, Terabera appears and revives the player, allowing him to try again (stats are reset)
		As well, health is restored to full in between levels.  The only way to get more lives is to get a game over.
			Attributes (health, weapon, lives) are displayed at the top left of screen.
	Splash Screens:
		Start up: Displays controls, shows winged castle, fishie, and Merkules
		Game over: Shows final score and stats, shows Terabera reviving Merkules
		Between Level: overlay on top of game, shows stats/score for previous level
	Overworld:
		Changes based upon which level has been recently cleared.
		No Levels Cleared: Megami appears and gives Merkules spears and the ability to breathe underwater
			Next level trigger is on the starts tile
		Level 1 Cleared: Sir Imerton appears and gives Merkules axe of Anthon the Great
			Player can only enter Level2 (using a levelexit trigger located at the tree)
		Level 2 Cleared: Archmage Sonderon appears and gives Merkules the ability to use fireball
			Player can only enter Level3 (using a levelexit trigger located at the winged castle)
		Level 3 Cleared: 
			Player can revisit any level (using levelexit triggers located at Start, Tree, Winged Castle)
			Note revisiting levels with force player to replay all levels
				For example, if player revists level1, he must beat level1 and 2 again before he is able to play level3 again.
		Controls:
			Arrow Keys: move player (Merkules's head) around the map
		No enemies (enemies from the game do appear in Overworld3 but they cannot damage the player or each other).
		
	Level 1:
		An underwater level
		Enemies: Sharks
			Sharks merely swim back and forth and the player must avoid them or kill them.
			Player takes 10 points of damage if hit by shark.
			Sharks have 9 hp.
		Weapons: Throwing spears
			Causes 3 points of damage to shark (3 hits to kill)
		Animations for main char: swimming
		Controls:
			Arrow keys: movement
			C: use weapon (throw spear)
		Level end: when player hits level exit tile at the end of level (surrounded by coral at far right of level)
		'Friendly': Fishies. All but 1 swim back and forth and do not harm player. The other is the easter egg fish which rolls.
	
	Level 2:
		A forest level
		Enemies: Ryse clones (ninjas with throwing knives)
			Ryse clones are set to start/stop throwing knives using triggers placed throughout the level
			Player takes 10 points of damage if hit by throwing dagger
			Has 9 hp.
		Weapons: Axe, throwing spears
			Both axe and spear cause 3 points of damage to Ryse clone (3 hits to kill)
			Axe is a melee weapon
			Throwing spear is a projectile weapon
		Animations for main char: running, walking, jumping, swinging, falling, climbing
			For climbing, there are triggers to set the top 2 tiles for the ladder as solid or not.
				This allows the player to be able to run over the ladder without losing momentum 
				as well as allowing him to pass through the tiles when climbing on the ladder.
			Swinging: uses a trigger to send the player off of the rope. Once player hits trigger, he flies off rope
				In case of emergency, use jump to get off of rope as well.  But the ideal is to let the rope/trigger handle it.
		Controls:
			Spacebar: jump
			C: use weapon (swing axe, throw spear)
			Tab: cycle through weapons
			Running/Walking/Falling/Swinging:
				Left/Right Arrows: move left and right
				Space: Jump
				>Cannot use weapon when swinging<
				While running/walking and over a ladder, up/down arrows transition the player to climbing mode
				Hold shift while walking to transition to running
			Climbing:
				Up/Down Arrows: move up and down
		Level end: when player hits level exit tile at the end of level (after swinging jump, far right of level)
		>>This level uses parallax for the forest background<<
		
	Level 3:
		A castle level
		Enemies: Faras (bards with throwing knives)
			Fara starts/stops throwing her projectiles when the player passes through triggers placed 
			throughout the level
			Player takes 10 points of damage if hit by throwing dagger or Fara herself.
			Has 9 hp.
		Weapons: fireball (projectile) and talons (can hit Fara and take her hat, killing her)
			Fireball hits Fara for 3 points of damage (3 hits to kill)
			Using talons to grab Fara's hat instantly kills her
				>> hat only disappears from feet when transitioned out of flying mode or when switching weapons<<
		Animations for main char: running, walking, jumping, falling, flying
		Controls:
			Spacebar: jump, while jumping: transitions to flying
			C: use weapon (throw fireball)
			Tab: cycle through weapons
			Left/Right Arrows: move left and right
				Hold shift while walking to transition to running
			Flying Only:
				Up/Down Arrows: move up/down
				
			Press Space while jumping or falling to enter flying mode
			
		Level end: when player hits level exit tile at the end of level (middle of bottom section near tower)
		
		
Sprites:
	Done by Brandon Merkley:
		SelfSprite (Fara), Player Sprite (Merkules), Enemies (Shark, Ryse Clones(ninjas), Fara (bards)), overworld tiles,
		'decoration fishie', coral, talons, dragon wings, friendly sprites (Terabera,Fishie), background for castle
	Done by myself:
		Sir Imerton (based on Kain from FF4, recolored to a dark purple and added beard)
		Archmage Sonderon (based on black mage from FF1, recolored to red and added fireball)
		Fireball, Axe, Throwing Dagger, Spears, ocean/forest/castle tiles, background for ocean/forest,
		poof sprite for game over revival, winged castle (although I used Brandon's dragon wings to make it)
		
	Megami the Mergirl was a joint venture.  I did the base sprite and Brandon added shading.
		
	Self sprite is based on my FFXIV character
		Pictures included as part of project at: project2/Screenshots/ffxiv_02232015_035108.png and project2/Screenshots/ffxiv_02232015_035112.png
	Documentation for spriting also attached. I tried to maintain a record of the process as a lot of the spriting
		was done over skype using screenshare during the process (after I sent Brandon initial designs). 
				Pictures scanned using phone (apologies for my handwriting) can be found in the SpriteOutlines folder
		